The Joe Rogan experience. And so, you know, for example,
and this is something that I think would be kind of interesting to talk about.
Um,
everybody is losing their mind at the moment in the space that you and I sort of
co inhabit of ideas and trying to figure out how do we remain sane and
plugged in and open-hearted and open to new things, but also rigorous and fair.
Like all of these weird pressures.
The ideas behind the intellectual dark web that you coined this
concept of having a bunch of people that have different ideologies,
but yet share this common theme of wanting to have real honest
communication and honest conversations and try to figure out,
instead of looking at things from an ideological perspective,
look at things from an honest objective point and try to see the way the other
people view things in hearted.
And I'm not trying to destroy each other right.
And effectively trying to become the adults in the room as we watch the kids
run. Right. Right. And, and, and not always, not always achieving that now,
because I refuse to actually say what it was or who was in it,
because there was a lot of pressure to codify it. I knew that if I codified it.
Uh, it would die. I want a membership card. You have, you have one,
but if I don't, if I don't get one, you have.
We just don't tell the members where it is because it's.
Um, there's an article about the IDW that doesn't mention me. I'm like, yes.
So taking away slipping away.
Well, I do like Pachino in three, always going to drag you back.
But there are,
there's been some discussion about certain members in certain people that are
losing their marbles. Yeah. I think it's pressure, you know, and I think, um,
one of the things that we're all recognizing from whether it's the internet
and the, or just celebrity in general, which is,
I think part of the culprit is especially if you're reading comments and
articles that are written about you,
which I do not recommend if you are doing that, don't do that.
If you're doing that, you are subject to a massive amount of pressure. Yeah.
It's a, it's a lot of pressure. And sometimes people,
they apply that sometimes that pressure can help you.
Like if it's a good friend or someone who you trust and it's done with
intellectual honesty and they just really,
they think that there's maybe a flaw in your thinking,
or maybe this could help you, or maybe this is an issue.
And then you realize that and you self-correct. That's great,
but there's a lot of people that are bending to the will of the masses.
And they also are responding to the pressure of the masses.
I even think it's the massive reasons I read my comments is because I
want to know what Russia's thinking. I'm not kidding. Listen to me, Joe,
here we go. Let's go down the rabbit hole.
Well, for sure. And we went, we talked about this recently,
let me just say this before you get going. Yeah.
We knew that something was going on years ago.
I used to have a message board and uh, on my message board on my website, um,
it became problematic for legal reasons.
People were putting a bunch of illegal up there and I was kind of responsible
for them. A few issues came up where I was like, oh Jesus, I'm going to,
I'm going to get in real trouble. We had an influx and by an influx,
I mean thousands and thousands of Russian emails
signing up for my message board. I mean,
thousands with really similar email addresses and
they would post and pretend they're from Cleveland or post and be mad
that we don't have enough Nazis on or whatever the it would be, you know? Right.
It would just be the same thing that the IRA was doing.
The internet research agency was doing with Facebook and Google and Twitter.
We were seeing this like four or five years ago that this stuff was kind of
happening where they were re recognizing that the disease,
large portals of discussion.
And so they're trying to manipulate the discussion and turn certain discussions
toxic and, and, and, you know, and come up with preposterous,
conspiracy theories and attack people for nonsensical reasons.
Well, this is the thing I keep seeing the same message,
modified a hundred different ways from a bunch of accounts that have
suspicious similarity,
not one of these accounts usually is followed by anyone I care about.
And then they have a few high value accounts with blurry photographs of a person
that like, I,
I think somebody is like putting real money into that account to create a fake
person who just dog doggedly follows you and is constantly trying to
talk to you in your ear, that account.
But how do you know that that's what that is.
And how do you know it's not just some person schizophrenia that really is
really interested in Eric Weinstock.
A couple of times I've tried to like talk to the person, uh,
and suddenly the thing vanishes it's like, you're so disgusting.
I would never talk to you. It's like goodbye click.
It's like, well, maybe they just panicked. It could be just a person.
Well, that's the thing we, we, you never know. On the other hand, um,
you remember when we took that photograph at that dinner, um,
there was this huge number of jokes about Ben Shapiro and a booster
seat that were all slightly different versions of the joke.
And all of the accounts were like striking with similar.
I was just thinking like, well, I, I could imagine a little bit of this,
but it's way too many.
And this is part of what I believe.
I believe that we are in a new world in which a lot of the
grassroots stuff is, is AstroTurf.
And if you start to listen to it, you start to get pushed.
And I start to watch certain tactics and I make models of the tactics. You know,
like one of the tactics is, gosh, Eric,
I once thought that you had a lot of integrity and now I know that X, you know,
if you don't, if you don't address this situation, uh, I'm done following.
It's like, oh really goodbye click. But,
uh, I believe that, um,
I believe that there are sophisticated players who were engaged in trying to
either boost our signal or start to alter the signal.
Somebody will be up, somebody will be down. Uh,
and then there's like really weird dynamics. Um,
I think that there's a very strange thing going on, not with Dave Rubin,
but with the crowd of people that is just trying to eat Dave Rubin and
blind him and confuse him and this, uh, you know, this, this guy, Sam,
Cedar, who do you think he's a Russian, I hope he is. Well, I don't know.
I don't think he's Russian, but I do think that his, his,
I think he has a grassroots following. I don't think this is inauthentic.
That just loves to, um,
dark harass. Well, dunk, drag. I hate this language. I just can't.
I like the word Dunkin. Oh really?
Yeah. That's fine. No, I'm not. I'm not a fan. No, no, no, because it's just,
it cheapens all conversation. Oh, you got dunked on, you got dragged.
It's just like, oh, this is that thing. In third grade that I ever figured.
Well, they found out that he won't engage with them.
And so they think it's cute to just constantly on them.
And they also think it's cute to take anything that he says and interpret it in
the worst possible way possible and not think of it as him
just being a guy.
Who's trying to talk about things on the fly and maybe isn't even prepared
about the subject at hand. Like one of the things that comes up on this show,
like, you know, we, we were talking before we were going to go on there.
We're going to talk about Mike, come on. Let's just talk. Yeah.
And so when you do that, come on, let's just talk thing.
You never know what the is going to come up and you might have a poorly
formed idea of what a subject is and you just start rambling.
This is what I've done in my two previous.
Have not, but it seems, you know, it's easy to think that you did that,
but with Dave, um, you know,
there's enough moments where he's misstepped,
where they just feel like, okay, we got a wounded antelope.
Yeah. They're trying to pick him off. And, you know,
I think there was probably a move to do Shapiro.
And there was a period where you were seemingly in the cross hairs,
but you're hard to kill. And, you know, I have no doubt that.
I wouldn't even notice it. See, that's the,
that's the benefit of not paying attention.
And this is something that I've been pretty rigorous about over the last like
six months.
Well,
Sam Harris and Dave Rubin have all given me versions of this advice.
And I worry about it because I'm not large enough yet
that I've been the target of a steady campaign.
But what happens is you see people's feedback loops interrupted
and in part to course, correct, you kind of want to know was I,
was I too harsh with that? Kind of like when I went on with Jordan Peterson, uh,
on Dave show,
I was more aggressive because I think I'd seen Jordan and Brett on your show
together. And, uh, I come from an ethnic family, we interrupt each other.
That's normal and Jordan is an interrupter. And so, um,
what I found is,
is that I probably was intuiting that I had to be more forceful.
And a lot of the comments said, wow, Eric,
I haven't really seen you this aggressive. Was.
It the three of you on the conversation? It started.
Off Dave, Jordan and myself, and then Ben Shapiro came in for an hour.
And I think Sam Harris might've been, uh, scheduled to come in.
I don't remember.
Here's an issue always with more than one person. There's a reason why I do.
One-on-ones almost exclusively.
Like even when I had a Bob Lasar with Jeremy, Corbell, uh, just,
just having a third person that wants to chime in like oftentimes interrupts the
flow of conversation. Like in that case,
it was because I wanted to lock in on Bob Lasar right.
I wanted to get all my feedback. I want to find out is this guy full of,
but what I want to, I want to lock in with him. And there's another one. And,
and also, and also this is another person,
even if they have a good thing to say, it's a distraction. It becomes a.
Well, you never know when one of these is going to work. And when one of the,
when it works, it can be magical. And when it, when it doesn't, you know,
it's a little bit like jazz guys,
if that group is meant to be, then they don't trip over each other solos.
And they're trying to come up with something, even.
With three great friends. I have this issue. I mean.
I've seen great stuff with multiple people on your show and I've seen stuff that
doesn't work.